code13/app/DeveloperDocs/ReactJoyrideTours.md, before:

ReactJoyride - Tours and Tutorials
==================================

We are using react-joyride for some of the tutorial and tours UI
See https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-joyride for background


This doc file describes the intergation and princples of how to use this consistently 
and easily in our codebase so this does not become a hairball

Primary Integration points
==========================

1. package.json includes react-joyride.
1. App.js embeds the <Joyride> react element, provides the state management for the joyride
   in this.state.joyrideSteps, and provides a method (via props) to the <FlexPanel> element
   so it can add or replace steps. That function is addJoyrideSteps(). See the source for
   it's parameters and options.   Currently only FlexPanels can start tours, but that will 
   probably change in future
1. We SHALL NEVER use react-joyride for tooltips. Semantic UI provides all we need there


Joyride Tour definitions
========================

1. These are simple js objects, and puld also be loaded as JSON.
1. An example is in fpFeatureLevels.js
1. A key requirement for react-joyride is CSS selectors for the elements on the joyride
1. There is no safe way to use React component names, so we must keep with CSS selectors
1. It is STRONGLY encouraged to not have per-step styling in the react-joyride tours
   even though this is permitted

Future work
===========

1. The INTENT is to have most joyrides defined as a new type of MGB asset!
1. This will connect in with the upcoming Tutorials system (for that we will add
   pause/resume joyrides since we want tutorials to be pausible. That will make the 
   App.js joyride handler a bit more complex with stacked tours)
1. We also plan to allow users to define joyrides to help explain MGB
1. We also plan to use this asset so users can add tutorials in their games
   - probably use something like jQuery joyride (https://github.com/zurb/joyride)
     or wrap up something special like phaser and let it have Phaser-friendly references



React Joyride CSS selector conventions in MGB
=============================================

To keep this sane, the following rules shall be observied in this codebase:

1. Any added CSS classes or Element IDs for joyrides shall be ONLY used for the 
   react-joyride purposes; They shall NEVER be used also for styling.
1. Any such Element IDs and CSS classes for joyride purposes SHALL ALWAYS be prefixed
   with mgbjr- so that we can easily understand their purpose and if needed serach for them.
1. The following components auto-create useful ids or tags for joyrides:

Toolbar.js
* These are the Feature-Level dependent toolbars. They will automatically add an ID 
  #mgbjr-(toolbarName)-(toolname).   For example #mgbjr-EditGraphic-fillTool

NavBarGadgetUxSlider.js
* This adds the class .mgbjr-NavGadgetSliderIcon to the 'options' Icon next the the slider

Commit message:

Rework tutorials (#1554)
* feat(FlexPanel): remove unused header

* refactor(ThingNotFound): cleanup type/id handling

* wip

* run lint, fix some issues

* fix rest api comment

* remove cruft files

* friendly skill path tutorial completed message

* fix duplicate declarations

* fix joyride tooltip position

* fpLearn layout and UX improvements

* feat(tutorials): add back to tut button

* feat(tutorials): add start step modal

* improve tut start/finish flows

* feat(tutorials): fix completion tags, new fpLearn layout

* feat(pointToSelectors): add module

* auto point to selectors, remove checklist

* fix(AssetCreateNew): restore old completion tags

* feat(Learn): floating tut when fp closed

* feat(ToolWindow): add toolwindow component for tuts

* update yarn.lock

* only use tool window for instructions

* chore(semantic-ui-react): update to 0.77.2

* simplify tutorial presetation

* point to multiple step selectors

* fix(fpLearn): wire up stop button

* move tut tool window if on pointer target

* larger window, exit confirmation, back button, better animations

* run lint

* fix JoyrideSpecialMacros goals step desc

* remove react-joyride

* handle skipIfUrlAt in back button

* cleanup and todos

* remove clearPriorPathsForJoyrideCompletionTags()

* cleanup learn display and todos

* refactor(JoyrideStore): cleanup cruft / state keys

* cleanup cruft tutorial instructions

* remove unused pointToSelectors module

* use active tutorial progress bar

* show tutorial header on first and last step

* cleanup react joyride tours docs

* refactor Learn components to Joyride

* cleanup fpLearn cruft

* fix StartDefaultNextTutorial animation

* cleanup superfluous tutorial yellow color

* restore preparePage functionality

* fix and abstract handleFlexPanelChange

* run lint

code13/app/DeveloperDocs/ReactJoyrideTours.md, after:

ReactJoyride - Tours and Tutorials
==================================

We are using react-joyride for some of the tutorial and tours UI
See https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-joyride for background


This doc file describes the intergation and princples of how to use this consistently 
and easily in our codebase so this does not become a hairball

Primary Integration points
==========================

1. package.json includes react-joyride.
1. App.js embeds the <LearnRootHelper /> react element, joyrideStore provides the state management for the joyride.
   withStores provides a joyrideStore method to the wrapped component so it can add steps.
   That function is joyrideStore.addSteps(). See the source for it's parameters and options.


Joyride Tour definitions
========================

1. These are simple js objects, and puld also be loaded as JSON.
1. An example is in fpFeatureLevels.js
1. A key requirement for react-joyride is CSS selectors for the elements on the joyride
1. There is no safe way to use React component names, so we must keep with CSS selectors
1. It is STRONGLY encouraged to not have per-step styling in the react-joyride tours
   even though this is permitted

Future work
===========

1. The INTENT is to have most joyrides defined as a new type of MGB asset!
1. This will connect in with the upcoming Tutorials system (for that we will add
   pause/resume joyrides since we want tutorials to be pausible. That will make the 
   App.js joyride handler a bit more complex with stacked tours)
1. We also plan to allow users to define joyrides to help explain MGB
1. We also plan to use this asset so users can add tutorials in their games
   - probably use something like jQuery joyride (https://github.com/zurb/joyride)
     or wrap up something special like phaser and let it have Phaser-friendly references



React Joyride CSS selector conventions in MGB
=============================================

To keep this sane, the following rules shall be observied in this codebase:

1. Any added CSS classes or Element IDs for joyrides shall be ONLY used for the 
   react-joyride purposes; They shall NEVER be used also for styling.
1. Any such Element IDs and CSS classes for joyride purposes SHALL ALWAYS be prefixed
   with mgbjr- so that we can easily understand their purpose and if needed serach for them.
1. The following components auto-create useful ids or tags for joyrides:

Toolbar.js
* These are the Feature-Level dependent toolbars. They will automatically add an ID 
  #mgbjr-(toolbarName)-(toolname).   For example #mgbjr-EditGraphic-fillTool

NavBarGadgetUxSlider.js
* This adds the class .mgbjr-NavGadgetSliderIcon to the 'options' Icon next the the slider
